Replacing transformers is a lot of money for villagers
But for the Zhou family, it is a drop in the bucket
Why are you pushy?
Yes, Director Yang is right
This money is just small money
Why do the Zhou family care so much?
People are from the city
It's not like the foster owner is a line with us
Since Director Yang is so generous
Then it is better to have this money paid by Director Yang
You probably won't choose for everyone like this.
Missing me is also a chance for you
Let you repay the villagers for their hard work
How can you avenge your kindness?
It's a painstaking effort for you to ask the Zhou family to pay
I suggest that if you pay, you will get revenge
Director Wall is really fair and communist in dealing with people
You open a pig farm on Monday
Bring surprises to the entire village
Let everyone live a good life
Eat fresh and cheap pork
How do you calculate the Zhou family like this?
I must persuade Zhou Yuesheng
Take back the worries of the villagers
The deeper you miss, the wider you are
I will never listen to you as a woman
Despite the fact that so many villagers in Happy Village will not
Why are you here?
The weather is cold, so I don't know how to wear more clothes.
You know the situation at night, right?
Missing is too much
This will break everyone's heart
You'd better persuade him.
I Zhou Yuesheng opened a pig farm
Help the village
I'm not asking you to bully my wife
village chief
If this matter is not handled properly
I will consider moving out of Happy Village with the pig farm